docs/ROADMAP_V2.md, before:

# Roadmap V2: Path to the North Star

This document defines the comprehensive roadmap for cryptotrader v2, organized by **Epics** that guide the project toward the ultimate goal: **a semi-autonomous trading machine that generates consistent profit**.

> **North Star**: Profitability (PnL) is the primary success metric. Features are valuable only if they contribute to profit generation, risk control, or observability.

---

## 📋 Epic Overview

| Epic | Priority | Description | Status |
|------|----------|-------------|--------|
| [Epic 1: Backtesting & Validation](#epic-1-backtesting--validation) | 🔴 Critical | Prove profitability before live trading | 📋 Planned |
| [Epic 2: Execution & Automation](#epic-2-execution--automation) | 🟠 High | Live execution with multi-exchange support | 🚧 In Progress |
| [Epic 3: AI & LLM Integration](#epic-3-ai--llm-integration) | � High | Multi-Brain agent architecture | 🚧 In Progress |
| [Epic 4: Frontend Observability](#epic-4-frontend-observability) | 🟡 Medium | Real-time transparency and visualization | 📋 Planned |
| [Epic 5: Portfolio & Wallet](#epic-5-portfolio--wallet) | 🟡 Medium | Portfolio tracking and PnL monitoring | 📋 Planned |
| [Epic 6: Infrastructure & Operations](#epic-6-infrastructure--operations) | 🟢 Low | DevOps, automation, and reliability | 🚧 Partial |

---

## Epic 1: Backtesting & Validation

**Priority**: 🔴 Critical
**Goal**: Validate that strategies can generate profit using historical data before risking real capital.

> **Why Critical?** Without backtesting, we cannot prove the "profit" goal. This is the foundation for all live trading decisions.

### Issues

| Issue | Title | Status | Description |
|-------|-------|--------|-------------|
| #135 | Backtesting Framework | 📋 Planned | Core framework for historical data replay |
| — | Strategy Performance Metrics | 📋 Planned | Sharpe ratio, max drawdown, win rate, profit factor |
| — | Walk-Forward Analysis | 📋 Planned | Out-of-sample validation to prevent overfitting |
| — | Multi-Timeframe Backtest | 📋 Planned | Test strategies across multiple timeframes |
| — | Cost-Aware Backtesting | 📋 Planned | Include fees, slippage, spread in backtest results |

### Acceptance Criteria

- [ ] Run backtest on any symbol/timeframe with historical data
- [ ] Generate performance report with key metrics (Sharpe, drawdown, PnL)
- [ ] Compare strategies side-by-side
- [ ] Export results for analysis

### Dependencies

- ✅ Market data infrastructure (complete)
- ✅ Technical indicators (complete)
- ✅ Fee model (complete)

---

## Epic 2: Execution & Automation

**Priority**: 🟠 High
**Goal**: Enable live trading with human oversight, supporting multiple exchanges.

### Issues

| Issue | Title | Status | Description |
|-------|-------|--------|-------------|
| — | Bitfinex Live Adapter | 📋 Planned | Live order execution on Bitfinex (schema ready) |
| #131 | Multi-Exchange Support | 🚧 In Progress | Binance/KuCoin adapter interface |
| — | Binance Adapter | 📋 Planned | REST + WebSocket for Binance |
| — | KuCoin Adapter | 📋 Planned | REST + WebSocket for KuCoin |
| — | Trade Confirmation Flow | 📋 Planned | Human approval for large/risky trades |
| — | Order Status Tracking | 📋 Planned | Real-time order status updates |
| #134 | Paper Trading Improvements | 📋 Planned | Enhanced simulation accuracy |

### Acceptance Criteria

- [ ] Execute live orders on Bitfinex (with dry_run toggle)
- [ ] Unified adapter interface for all exchanges
- [ ] Human approval required for trades above threshold
- [ ] Full audit trail for all trade decisions

### Dependencies

- ✅ Paper trading engine (complete)
- ✅ Automation safety checks (complete)
- ✅ Risk management (complete)

---

## Epic 3: AI & LLM Integration

**Priority**: � High (upgraded from Medium — research complete, skeleton committed)
**Goal**: Multi-Brain agent architecture — multiple specialized LLMs collaborating via consensus for trading analysis.
**Tracking issue**: [#205](https://github.com/m0nklabs/cryptotrader/issues/205)
**Research basis**: [m0nklabs/market-data PR #14](https://github.com/m0nklabs/market-data/pull/14) — 8 research docs

### Architecture

```
LLMRouter → [Screener(V3.2) | Tactical(R1) | Fundamental(Grok4) | Strategist(o3-mini)]
         → ConsensusEngine (weighted voting + VETO)
         → Final Decision (BUY/SELL/NEUTRAL)
```

### Issues

| Issue | Title | Status | Description |
|-------|-------|--------|-------------|
| #205 | Multi-Brain AI Implementation | 🚧 Skeleton | Parent issue — full architecture |
| — | Provider Adapters (P1.1) | 🚧 Skeleton | DeepSeek, OpenAI, xAI, Ollama adapters |
| — | Role Implementation (P1.2) | 🚧 Skeleton | Screener, Tactical, Fundamental, Strategist |
| — | Prompt Registry (P1.3) | 🚧 Skeleton | Versioned prompts with DB backend |
| — | Consensus Engine (P1.4) | 🚧 Skeleton | Weighted voting with VETO support |
| — | AI API Endpoints (P2) | 📋 Planned | REST API for config, evaluation, usage |
| — | AI Database Tables (P3) | 🚧 Skeleton | system_prompts, role_configs, usage_log, decisions |
| — | AI Frontend Panel (P4) | 🚧 Skeleton | Config panel, evaluation UI, usage dashboard |
| — | Signal Pipeline Integration (P5) | 📋 Planned | Connect to existing scoring + execution |
| — | AI Testing Suite (P6) | 📋 Planned | Unit + integration tests |
| — | Observability & Safety (P7) | 📋 Planned | Budget caps, audit trail, fallback monitoring |

### Default Role → Provider Mapping

| Role | Provider | Model | Cost/1M input | Weight |
|------|----------|-------|---------------|--------|
| Screener | DeepSeek | V3.2 | $0.27 | 0.5 |
| Tactical | DeepSeek | R1 | $0.55 | 1.5 |
| Fundamental | xAI | Grok 4 | $3.00 | 1.0 |
| Strategist | OpenAI | o3-mini | $1.10 | 1.2 |

**Estimated cost**: ~$0.034/evaluation → ~$102/month at 100 evals/day.

### Acceptance Criteria

- [ ] Configure roles with any LLM provider via UI or API
- [ ] Versioned system prompts per role (create, activate, A/B test)
- [ ] Weighted consensus with hard VETO (Strategist can block trades)
- [ ] Full cost tracking per request (tokens, USD, latency)
- [ ] Budget caps (daily/monthly spend limits)
- [ ] Fallback chain (primary → fallback provider on failure)
- [ ] Audit trail for every AI decision
- [ ] Paper-trading integration (AI verdict → auto paper order)

### Skeleton Status (committed [`c79f765`](https://github.com/m0nklabs/cryptotrader/commit/c79f765))

```
core/ai/
├── types.py, consensus.py, router.py
├── providers/ (base, deepseek, openai, xai, ollama)
├── roles/ (base, screener, tactical, fundamental, strategist)
└── prompts/ (registry, defaults)
frontend/src/ → api/ai.ts, stores/aiStore.ts, components/AiConfigPanel.tsx
db/migrations/ → 001_ai_tables.sql
```

### Dependencies

- ✅ Opportunity scoring (complete)
- ✅ Technical indicators (complete)

---

## Epic 4: Frontend Observability

**Priority**: 🟡 Medium
**Goal**: Provide real-time transparency into the trading system through the dashboard.

### Issues

| Issue | Title | Status | Description |
|-------|-------|--------|-------------|
| #107 | Indicator Overlays | 📋 Planned | Draw RSI, MACD, Bollinger on charts |
| #138 | Multi-Timeframe View | 📋 Planned | Show 1h trend context on 5m chart |
| — | Opportunity Explorer | 📋 Planned | List of opportunities sorted by quality |
| — | Visual Projections | 📋 Planned | Draw future price expectations on chart |
| — | Alert Indicators | 📋 Planned | Visual alerts for triggered signals |
| #142 | Keyboard Shortcuts | 📋 Planned | Quick navigation and actions |
| #148 | Drawing Tools | 📋 Planned | Manual annotations on charts |

### Sub-Features

#### Indicator Overlays
- RSI subplot with overbought/oversold lines
- MACD histogram with signal line
- Bollinger Bands on price chart
- Stochastic with zones
- ATR for volatility context

#### Multi-Timeframe Visualization
- Show higher timeframe trend direction
- Overlay key levels from larger timeframes
- Sync crosshairs across timeframe panels

#### Opportunity Explorer
- List view sorted by score/quality
- Filter by symbol, timeframe, signal direction
- Click to navigate to chart
- Quick stats (indicators contributing, reasons)

#### Visual Projections
- Forecast cones/bands on price chart
- Target price levels
- Stop loss visualization
- Risk/reward overlay

### Acceptance Criteria

- [ ] Indicators visible on chart (toggle on/off)
- [ ] Multi-TF context visible in opportunity view
- [ ] Opportunity list with click-to-chart navigation
- [ ] Projection overlay for active signals

### Dependencies

- ✅ Frontend dashboard skeleton (complete)
- ✅ Candlestick chart (complete)
- ✅ Technical indicators (complete)

---

## Epic 5: Portfolio & Wallet

**Priority**: 🟡 Medium
**Goal**: Comprehensive overview of portfolio performance and real-time PnL.

### Issues

| Issue | Title | Status | Description |
|-------|-------|--------|-------------|
| #136 | Portfolio Tracker | 📋 Planned | Real-time portfolio monitoring |
| — | Wallet Overview | 📋 Planned | Exchange balances across all connected accounts |
| — | Position Details | 📋 Planned | Per-position PnL, entry, current price |
| — | Performance Charts | 📋 Planned | Equity curve, drawdown chart |
| — | Trade History | 📋 Planned | Complete audit of all trades |
| #145 | Data Export | 📋 Planned | CSV/JSON export for analysis |

### Acceptance Criteria

- [ ] Show total portfolio value (all exchanges)
- [ ] Per-position breakdown with unrealized PnL
- [ ] Equity curve with daily/weekly/monthly views
- [ ] Drawdown visualization
- [ ] Export trade history

### Dependencies

- ✅ Paper trading positions (complete)
- ✅ Database persistence (complete)
- 📋 Live execution adapters (planned)

---

## Epic 6: Infrastructure & Operations

**Priority**: 🟢 Low (ongoing)
**Goal**: Improve reliability, monitoring, and developer experience.

### Issues

| Issue | Title | Status | Description |
|-------|-------|--------|-------------|
| #137 | Docker Compose Setup | 📋 Planned | One-command local development |
| — | Scheduled Jobs | 📋 Planned | Automated backfill/gap repair |
| #132 | WebSocket Real-time | ✅ Complete | Real-time price updates |
| #133 | Price Alerts | 📋 Planned | Notifications for price levels |
| #144 | Telegram/Discord Notifications | 📋 Planned | External alert channels |
| #147 | Rate Limit Monitor | 📋 Planned | Exchange API rate limit tracking |
| #106 | System Health Panel | 📋 Planned | Backend health visibility in UI |

### Acceptance Criteria

- [ ] `docker-compose up` starts full stack
- [ ] Scheduled jobs run reliably (systemd/cron)
- [ ] Alert notifications delivered (Telegram/Discord)
- [ ] Rate limits visible and respected

### Dependencies

- ✅ Systemd templates (complete)
- ✅ WebSocket provider (complete)

---

## Dependency Graph

```
Epic 1 (Backtesting)
    ↓
Epic 2 (Execution) ←──── Epic 5 (Portfolio)
    ↓
Epic 3 (AI/LLM) ←── market-data research (PR #14)
    ↓
Epic 4 (Frontend) ←──── Epic 5 (Portfolio)
    ↓
Epic 6 (Infrastructure) — ongoing
```

**Critical Path**: Backtesting → Execution → **AI Multi-Brain (#205)** → Frontend

---

## Success Metrics

| Metric | Target | How Measured |
|--------|--------|--------------|
| **Backtest Sharpe** | > 1.5 | Backtesting framework output |
| **Max Drawdown** | < 15% | Drawdown monitor |
| **Win Rate** | > 55% | Trade history analysis |
| **Execution Latency** | < 500ms | Order timestamp logs |
| **Signal Explainability** | 100% | All signals have reasons |
| **Uptime** | > 99% | Health monitoring |

---

## Changelog

| Date | Change |
|------|--------|
| 2024-12 | Initial roadmap created based on project evaluation |

---

## Related Documents

- [TODO.md](TODO.md) — Feature backlog and status
- [FEATURES.md](FEATURES.md) — Detailed feature documentation
- [ARCHITECTURE.md](ARCHITECTURE.md) — System design
- [RISK_MANAGEMENT.md](RISK_MANAGEMENT.md) — Position sizing and limits

Commit message:

docs: codify the Datacenter Vision and Multi-Brain Philosophy

docs/ROADMAP_V2.md, after:

# Roadmap V2: Path to the North Star

This document defines the comprehensive roadmap for cryptotrader v2, organized by **Epics** that guide the project toward the ultimate goal: **Funding the Datacenter via Automated Profit**.

> **The Vision**: We are building a Datacenter. This project is the funding engine.
> **The Strategy**: "Autobots Engage". Unemotional, automated, multi-LLM consensus trading to maximize PnL.
> **North Star**: Profitability (PnL) is the only metric that matters.

---

## 📋 Epic Overview

| Epic | Priority | Description | Status |
|------|----------|-------------|--------|
| [Epic 1: Backtesting & Validation](#epic-1-backtesting--validation) | 🔴 Critical | Prove profitability before live trading | 📋 Planned |
| [Epic 2: Execution & Automation](#epic-2-execution--automation) | 🟠 High | Live execution with multi-exchange support | 🚧 In Progress |
| [Epic 3: AI & LLM Integration](#epic-3-ai--llm-integration) | � High | Multi-Brain agent architecture | 🚧 In Progress |
| [Epic 4: Frontend Observability](#epic-4-frontend-observability) | 🟡 Medium | Real-time transparency and visualization | 📋 Planned |
| [Epic 5: Portfolio & Wallet](#epic-5-portfolio--wallet) | 🟡 Medium | Portfolio tracking and PnL monitoring | 📋 Planned |
| [Epic 6: Infrastructure & Operations](#epic-6-infrastructure--operations) | 🟢 Low | DevOps, automation, and reliability | 🚧 Partial |

---

## Epic 1: Backtesting & Validation

**Priority**: 🔴 Critical
**Goal**: Validate that strategies can generate profit using historical data before risking real capital.

> **Why Critical?** Without backtesting, we cannot prove the "profit" goal. This is the foundation for all live trading decisions.

### Issues

| Issue | Title | Status | Description |
|-------|-------|--------|-------------|
| #135 | Backtesting Framework | 📋 Planned | Core framework for historical data replay |
| — | Strategy Performance Metrics | 📋 Planned | Sharpe ratio, max drawdown, win rate, profit factor |
| — | Walk-Forward Analysis | 📋 Planned | Out-of-sample validation to prevent overfitting |
| — | Multi-Timeframe Backtest | 📋 Planned | Test strategies across multiple timeframes |
| — | Cost-Aware Backtesting | 📋 Planned | Include fees, slippage, spread in backtest results |

### Acceptance Criteria

- [ ] Run backtest on any symbol/timeframe with historical data
- [ ] Generate performance report with key metrics (Sharpe, drawdown, PnL)
- [ ] Compare strategies side-by-side
- [ ] Export results for analysis

### Dependencies

- ✅ Market data infrastructure (complete)
- ✅ Technical indicators (complete)
- ✅ Fee model (complete)

---

## Epic 2: Execution & Automation

**Priority**: 🟠 High
**Goal**: Enable live trading with human oversight, supporting multiple exchanges.

### Issues

| Issue | Title | Status | Description |
|-------|-------|--------|-------------|
| — | Bitfinex Live Adapter | 📋 Planned | Live order execution on Bitfinex (schema ready) |
| #131 | Multi-Exchange Support | 🚧 In Progress | Binance/KuCoin adapter interface |
| — | Binance Adapter | 📋 Planned | REST + WebSocket for Binance |
| — | KuCoin Adapter | 📋 Planned | REST + WebSocket for KuCoin |
| — | Trade Confirmation Flow | 📋 Planned | Human approval for large/risky trades |
| — | Order Status Tracking | 📋 Planned | Real-time order status updates |
| #134 | Paper Trading Improvements | 📋 Planned | Enhanced simulation accuracy |

### Acceptance Criteria

- [ ] Execute live orders on Bitfinex (with dry_run toggle)
- [ ] Unified adapter interface for all exchanges
- [ ] Human approval required for trades above threshold
- [ ] Full audit trail for all trade decisions

### Dependencies

- ✅ Paper trading engine (complete)
- ✅ Automation safety checks (complete)
- ✅ Risk management (complete)

---

## Epic 3: AI & LLM Integration

**Priority**: � High (upgraded from Medium — research complete, skeleton committed)
**Goal**: Multi-Brain agent architecture — multiple specialized LLMs collaborating via consensus for trading analysis.
**Tracking issue**: [#205](https://github.com/m0nklabs/cryptotrader/issues/205)
**Research basis**: [m0nklabs/market-data PR #14](https://github.com/m0nklabs/market-data/pull/14) — 8 research docs

### Architecture

```
LLMRouter → [Screener(V3.2) | Tactical(R1) | Fundamental(Grok4) | Strategist(o3-mini)]
         → ConsensusEngine (weighted voting + VETO)
         → Final Decision (BUY/SELL/NEUTRAL)
```

### Issues

| Issue | Title | Status | Description |
|-------|-------|--------|-------------|
| #205 | Multi-Brain AI Implementation | 🚧 Skeleton | Parent issue — full architecture |
| — | Provider Adapters (P1.1) | 🚧 Skeleton | DeepSeek, OpenAI, xAI, Ollama adapters |
| — | Role Implementation (P1.2) | 🚧 Skeleton | Screener, Tactical, Fundamental, Strategist |
| — | Prompt Registry (P1.3) | 🚧 Skeleton | Versioned prompts with DB backend |
| — | Consensus Engine (P1.4) | 🚧 Skeleton | Weighted voting with VETO support |
| — | AI API Endpoints (P2) | 📋 Planned | REST API for config, evaluation, usage |
| — | AI Database Tables (P3) | 🚧 Skeleton | system_prompts, role_configs, usage_log, decisions |
| — | AI Frontend Panel (P4) | 🚧 Skeleton | Config panel, evaluation UI, usage dashboard |
| — | Signal Pipeline Integration (P5) | 📋 Planned | Connect to existing scoring + execution |
| — | AI Testing Suite (P6) | 📋 Planned | Unit + integration tests |
| — | Observability & Safety (P7) | 📋 Planned | Budget caps, audit trail, fallback monitoring |

### Default Role → Provider Mapping

| Role | Provider | Model | Cost/1M input | Weight |
|------|----------|-------|---------------|--------|
| Screener | DeepSeek | V3.2 | $0.27 | 0.5 |
| Tactical | DeepSeek | R1 | $0.55 | 1.5 |
| Fundamental | xAI | Grok 4 | $3.00 | 1.0 |
| Strategist | OpenAI | o3-mini | $1.10 | 1.2 |

**Estimated cost**: ~$0.034/evaluation → ~$102/month at 100 evals/day.

### Acceptance Criteria

- [ ] Configure roles with any LLM provider via UI or API
- [ ] Versioned system prompts per role (create, activate, A/B test)
- [ ] Weighted consensus with hard VETO (Strategist can block trades)
- [ ] Full cost tracking per request (tokens, USD, latency)
- [ ] Budget caps (daily/monthly spend limits)
- [ ] Fallback chain (primary → fallback provider on failure)
- [ ] Audit trail for every AI decision
- [ ] Paper-trading integration (AI verdict → auto paper order)

### Skeleton Status (committed [`c79f765`](https://github.com/m0nklabs/cryptotrader/commit/c79f765))

```
core/ai/
├── types.py, consensus.py, router.py
├── providers/ (base, deepseek, openai, xai, ollama)
├── roles/ (base, screener, tactical, fundamental, strategist)
└── prompts/ (registry, defaults)
frontend/src/ → api/ai.ts, stores/aiStore.ts, components/AiConfigPanel.tsx
db/migrations/ → 001_ai_tables.sql
```

### Dependencies

- ✅ Opportunity scoring (complete)
- ✅ Technical indicators (complete)

---

## Epic 4: Frontend Observability

**Priority**: 🟡 Medium
**Goal**: Provide real-time transparency into the trading system through the dashboard.

### Issues

| Issue | Title | Status | Description |
|-------|-------|--------|-------------|
| #107 | Indicator Overlays | 📋 Planned | Draw RSI, MACD, Bollinger on charts |
| #138 | Multi-Timeframe View | 📋 Planned | Show 1h trend context on 5m chart |
| — | Opportunity Explorer | 📋 Planned | List of opportunities sorted by quality |
| — | Visual Projections | 📋 Planned | Draw future price expectations on chart |
| — | Alert Indicators | 📋 Planned | Visual alerts for triggered signals |
| #142 | Keyboard Shortcuts | 📋 Planned | Quick navigation and actions |
| #148 | Drawing Tools | 📋 Planned | Manual annotations on charts |

### Sub-Features

#### Indicator Overlays
- RSI subplot with overbought/oversold lines
- MACD histogram with signal line
- Bollinger Bands on price chart
- Stochastic with zones
- ATR for volatility context

#### Multi-Timeframe Visualization
- Show higher timeframe trend direction
- Overlay key levels from larger timeframes
- Sync crosshairs across timeframe panels

#### Opportunity Explorer
- List view sorted by score/quality
- Filter by symbol, timeframe, signal direction
- Click to navigate to chart
- Quick stats (indicators contributing, reasons)

#### Visual Projections
- Forecast cones/bands on price chart
- Target price levels
- Stop loss visualization
- Risk/reward overlay

### Acceptance Criteria

- [ ] Indicators visible on chart (toggle on/off)
- [ ] Multi-TF context visible in opportunity view
- [ ] Opportunity list with click-to-chart navigation
- [ ] Projection overlay for active signals

### Dependencies

- ✅ Frontend dashboard skeleton (complete)
- ✅ Candlestick chart (complete)
- ✅ Technical indicators (complete)

---

## Epic 5: Portfolio & Wallet

**Priority**: 🟡 Medium
**Goal**: Comprehensive overview of portfolio performance and real-time PnL.

### Issues

| Issue | Title | Status | Description |
|-------|-------|--------|-------------|
| #136 | Portfolio Tracker | 📋 Planned | Real-time portfolio monitoring |
| — | Wallet Overview | 📋 Planned | Exchange balances across all connected accounts |
| — | Position Details | 📋 Planned | Per-position PnL, entry, current price |
| — | Performance Charts | 📋 Planned | Equity curve, drawdown chart |
| — | Trade History | 📋 Planned | Complete audit of all trades |
| #145 | Data Export | 📋 Planned | CSV/JSON export for analysis |

### Acceptance Criteria

- [ ] Show total portfolio value (all exchanges)
- [ ] Per-position breakdown with unrealized PnL
- [ ] Equity curve with daily/weekly/monthly views
- [ ] Drawdown visualization
- [ ] Export trade history

### Dependencies

- ✅ Paper trading positions (complete)
- ✅ Database persistence (complete)
- 📋 Live execution adapters (planned)

---

## Epic 6: Infrastructure & Operations

**Priority**: 🟢 Low (ongoing)
**Goal**: Improve reliability, monitoring, and developer experience.

### Issues

| Issue | Title | Status | Description |
|-------|-------|--------|-------------|
| #137 | Docker Compose Setup | 📋 Planned | One-command local development |
| — | Scheduled Jobs | 📋 Planned | Automated backfill/gap repair |
| #132 | WebSocket Real-time | ✅ Complete | Real-time price updates |
| #133 | Price Alerts | 📋 Planned | Notifications for price levels |
| #144 | Telegram/Discord Notifications | 📋 Planned | External alert channels |
| #147 | Rate Limit Monitor | 📋 Planned | Exchange API rate limit tracking |
| #106 | System Health Panel | 📋 Planned | Backend health visibility in UI |

### Acceptance Criteria

- [ ] `docker-compose up` starts full stack
- [ ] Scheduled jobs run reliably (systemd/cron)
- [ ] Alert notifications delivered (Telegram/Discord)
- [ ] Rate limits visible and respected

### Dependencies

- ✅ Systemd templates (complete)
- ✅ WebSocket provider (complete)

---

## Dependency Graph

```
Epic 1 (Backtesting)
    ↓
Epic 2 (Execution) ←──── Epic 5 (Portfolio)
    ↓
Epic 3 (AI/LLM) ←── market-data research (PR #14)
    ↓
Epic 4 (Frontend) ←──── Epic 5 (Portfolio)
    ↓
Epic 6 (Infrastructure) — ongoing
```

**Critical Path**: Backtesting → Execution → **AI Multi-Brain (#205)** → Frontend

---

## Success Metrics

| Metric | Target | How Measured |
|--------|--------|--------------|
| **Backtest Sharpe** | > 1.5 | Backtesting framework output |
| **Max Drawdown** | < 15% | Drawdown monitor |
| **Win Rate** | > 55% | Trade history analysis |
| **Execution Latency** | < 500ms | Order timestamp logs |
| **Signal Explainability** | 100% | All signals have reasons |
| **Uptime** | > 99% | Health monitoring |

---

## Changelog

| Date | Change |
|------|--------|
| 2024-12 | Initial roadmap created based on project evaluation |

---

## Related Documents

- [TODO.md](TODO.md) — Feature backlog and status
- [FEATURES.md](FEATURES.md) — Detailed feature documentation
- [ARCHITECTURE.md](ARCHITECTURE.md) — System design
- [RISK_MANAGEMENT.md](RISK_MANAGEMENT.md) — Position sizing and limits
